---
title: "install"
bg: orange
color: black
fa-icon: cloud-download
---


# Click to download

## Linux • Windows • Raspberry Pi (ARM) • OS X


# Instructions


First download the zipped archive corresponding to your operating system (Windows, Mac, Linux, Raspberry Pi). Optionally, you can check the SHA1 sum of the archive to see if it matches correspondingly.

Then, unzip the archive into the folder of your choice. You will see two folders, a configuration file, and an executable.

## Configure

Now, you can open the configuration file, {% highlight bash %}config.cfg{% endhighlight %} using the editor of your choice. In line #5 of this file, you need to edit to include the path of your music. Make sure to include the *full path* and not the relative path. No other parameters need to be edited in this configuration file.

## Run

To run on Windows, simply double click on the executable. For all other OS's, you will need to open a Terminal, change directory, and type {% highlight bash %}./musicsaur*{% endhighlight %} Upon running, you should see something like this in the terminal window:

{% highlight bash %}
##########################################
# Starting server with 10 songs
# To use, open a browser to http://IP:PORT
# To stop server, use Ctl + C
##########################################
{% endhighlight %}

To see the music player now, simply open any browser on any computer and type in the URL {% highlight bash %}http://IP:PORT{% endhighlight %} to see the music controls. Enjoy syncing!

## Troubleshoot

Errors? Leave a comment below, or open up an issue on Github.
